[Discover][Doc] Improve main documentation (#91854)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/discover.asciidoc

[partintro]
--

> **_Exploring and querying your data._**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_Explore and query your data._**
```

Author: wanted to align with the video:

![Bildschirmfoto 2021-03-03 um 12 05 10](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/463851/109796695-c4ef2b80-7c18-11eb-8a43-b8192fe572f9.png)

> Discover is the window into your data in Elasticsearch. It enables you to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Discover* is your window into your data in {es}. *Discover* enables you to 
```

> quickly search and filter, get information about structure, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quickly search and filter your data, get information about structure of the fields, 
```

> and navigate to Visualize and Maps to present your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and navigate to *Visualize* and *Maps* to present your data.
```

> You can customize and save your searches and place them on a Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize and save your searches and place them on a dashboard.
```

> You can customize and save your searches and place them on a dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize and save your searches and place them on a dashboard.
```

++++
<script type="text/javascript" async src="https://play.vidyard.com/embed/v4.js">
</script>
<img
style="width: 100%; margin: auto; display: block;"
class="vidyard-player-embed"
src="https://play.vidyard.com/c2qBPz74BU16ncbvDWGvbz.jpg"
data-uuid="c2qBPz74BU16ncbvDWGvbz"
data-v="4"
data-type="inline"
/>
++++

[float]

> === Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Select, explore, and present your data
```

> You’ve added your data, and now you’re ready to dig in. You have questions about your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have questions about your data.
```

[partintro]
--

> **_The window into your data in {es}._**

Author: Changed to "Gain insight to your data"

[partintro]
--
**_Exploring and querying your data._**

*Discover* is your window into your data in {es}. *Discover* enables you to 
quickly search and filter your data, get information about structure of the fields, 
and navigate to *Visualize* and *Maps* to present your data.
You can also customize and save your searches and place them on a dashboard.

++++
<script type="text/javascript" async src="https://play.vidyard.com/embed/v4.js">
</script>
<img
style="width: 100%; margin: auto; display: block;"
class="vidyard-player-embed"
src="https://play.vidyard.com/c2qBPz74BU16ncbvDWGvbz.jpg"
data-uuid="c2qBPz74BU16ncbvDWGvbz"
data-v="4"
data-type="inline"
/>
++++

[float]

> === Select, explore, and present your data

Reviewer: This title fell flat for me.  What do you think about removing the tag and using "Exploring and querying your data" as the title here instead.

Author: I played around with it, was not 100% sure what's the tag you mean and where the title should be in the end. When I arranged stuff a little, rewriting a bit, I came to the following result? which I find somehow "geschmeidig", what do you think? 

<img width="800" alt="Bildschirmfoto 2021-03-04 um 14 52 02" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/463851/109974197-97c67a00-7cf9-11eb-80a5-3a41e378363e.png">

. Save your visualization for use on a dashboard.

> Given your documents contain fields of type geo point, you can visualize them in **Maps**.

Reviewer: This tutorial uses the sample weblog tutorial.  Does that contain a geo point we can use?

Otherwise, let's make this more of a generic statement.  

If your documents contain fields of type geo point, you can visualize them in Maps. From the Available fields list, click geo point field and then click Visualize.

Author: I think you mean our ecommerce demo data, so I've adapted here, also added the icon for this field type.

Author: <img width="808" alt="Bildschirmfoto 2021-03-04 um 15 03 15" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/463851/109975640-22f43f80-7cfb-11eb-8d1c-71cb19b3bb7b.png">

. Make sure the index pattern is set to **kibana_sample_data_flights**. And the configured time range 
contains data.

. From the **Available fields** list, click `OriginLocation` and then click **Visualize**.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image:images/discover-maps.png[Map containing documents]

. Save your map for use on a dashboard.

[float]

> === What’s next?

Reviewer: Let's move "Search for revelance" to the second place in the bulleted list.

Author: for sure, done!
